README.md, before:

# Xcode icons

![Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/versions->=7.2-333333.svg?style=flat-square)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@StevenWatremez-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://twitter.com/StevenWatremez)

<img alt="Xcode_8.3.2" src="img/dock.png"  height="64" />

---

## Description
With this repo you could find your way to differentiate your **Xcode** version on your mac. There are several icons to enjoy from `7.2` to `8.3.2`. 

## Usage



## Assets

| Xcode version |    Icon    |        download `.hqx`         |        download `.ico`         |        download `.png` (512x512)      |
|:-------------:|:----------:|:---------------------------------:|:---------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------:|
|`8.3.2`| <img alt="Xcode_8.3.2" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" /> | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Xcode_8.3.2.hqx) |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Assets/Xcode_8.3.2.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8.3.1`| <img alt="Xcode_8.3.1" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" /> | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Xcode_8.3.1.hqx) |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Assets/Xcode_8.3.1.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8.2.1`| <img alt="Xcode_8.2.1" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" /> | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Xcode_8.2.1.hqx) |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Assets/Xcode_8.2.1.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8.2`  | <img alt="Xcode_8.2" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />     | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Xcode_8.2.hqx)     |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Assets/Xcode_8.2.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8`    | <img alt="Xcode_8" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8/Xcode_8.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8/Assets/Xcode_8.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`7.3`    | <img alt="Xcode_7.3" src="generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Xcode_7.3.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Assets/Xcode_7.3.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`7.2`    | <img alt="Xcode_7.2" src="generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Xcode_7.2.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Assets/Xcode_7.2.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Assets/512x512.png) |
|gray    | <img alt="Xcode_gray" src="generated-icons/Xcode_gray/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_gray/Xcode_gray.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_gray/AssetsXcode_gray.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_gray/Assets/512x512.png) |

## Links

I Use this [converter](https://iconverticons.com/online/) to convert `.png` to `.hqx`. You can convert also to .ico or generate Assets of your icons with this converter.

Commit message:

update readme with customization explanations

README.md, after:

# Xcode icons

![Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/versions->=7.2-333333.svg?style=flat-square)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@StevenWatremez-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://twitter.com/StevenWatremez)

<img alt="Xcode_8.3.2" src="img/dock.png"  height="64" />

---

## Description
With this repo you could find your way to differentiate your **Xcode** version on your mac. There are several icons to enjoy from `7.2` to `8.3.2`. 

## Usage
You need to choose an icon. For example you want to customize Xcode 8.3.2 icon. Take `generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Xcode_8.3.2.hqx` file.

#### Step 1: Copy the icon to the clipboard
- Right click on `Xcode_8.3.2.hqx` file from the Finder.
- Choose 'Get Info' from the 'File' menu.
- In the info window that pops up, click on the icon. At the top left hand corner.
- Choose 'Copy' from the 'Edit' menu.

#### Step 2: Paste the icon to the desired item
- Go to the Xcode application in the Finder that you want a custom icon.
- Right click on it.
- Choose 'Get Info' from the 'File' menu.
- In the info window that pops up, click on the icon. At the top left hand corner.
- Choose 'Paste' from the 'Edit' menu.

#### Step 3: Enjoy your newly customized icon!


## Assets
You have several assets to satisfy your needed. If you want more, create an issue, I will create it for you 😜 !

| Xcode version |    Icon    |        download `.hqx`         |        download `.ico`         |        download `.png` (512x512)      |
|:-------------:|:----------:|:---------------------------------:|:---------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------:|
|`8.3.2`| <img alt="Xcode_8.3.2" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" /> | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Xcode_8.3.2.hqx) |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Assets/Xcode_8.3.2.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.2/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8.3.1`| <img alt="Xcode_8.3.1" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" /> | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Xcode_8.3.1.hqx) |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Assets/Xcode_8.3.1.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.3.1/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8.2.1`| <img alt="Xcode_8.2.1" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" /> | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Xcode_8.2.1.hqx) |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Assets/Xcode_8.2.1.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2.1/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8.2`  | <img alt="Xcode_8.2" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />     | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Xcode_8.2.hqx)     |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Assets/Xcode_8.2.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8.2/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`8`    | <img alt="Xcode_8" src="generated-icons/Xcode_8/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8/Xcode_8.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8/Assets/Xcode_8.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_8/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`7.3`    | <img alt="Xcode_7.3" src="generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Xcode_7.3.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Assets/Xcode_7.3.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.3/Assets/512x512.png) |
|`7.2`    | <img alt="Xcode_7.2" src="generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Xcode_7.2.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Assets/Xcode_7.2.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_7.2/Assets/512x512.png) |
|gray    | <img alt="Xcode_gray" src="generated-icons/Xcode_gray/Assets/512x512.png" width="64" height="64" />         | `.hqx` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_gray/Xcode_gray.hqx)         |`.ico` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_gray/AssetsXcode_gray.ico) |`.png` [file](generated-icons/Xcode_gray/Assets/512x512.png) |

## Links
If you want to create an icon like me and fork to submit a Pull Request you need :

- A Designer application (**Paint** can be useful 😎). I used Affinity Designer. 
- I recommand to you this [converter](https://iconverticons.com/online/) to convert `.png` to `.hqx`. You can convert also to `.ico` or generate Assets of your icons.
